hello with you video on
gagadget.com and special project 10
samsung galaxy laptop 2 lessons
and today we will talk about such a useful
an application like s planner is special
application developed in samsung for
more convenient to work with
the calendar with the pen s pen as
see it is in the form of a widget which
located on the desktop while
you can scroll right in
view this widget and you can work with
like an ordinary calendar
synchronized with all our affairs
here you see we have the usual for
all field calendars can be created
some events you can create tasks
you can add some
cool icons
allowing you to better navigate with
what will we have for the event
add coordinates
cards to make it easier later
to find was the place where the event takes place
You can add notes from the laptop which
we create on our samsung galaxy laptop
and you can add regular images
one of the key benefits
from the planets and the possibility of working with a pen
spin is something you can without touching
touch screen surface handle and
zoom in
some kind of meeting and our schedule and
get through the air view function
I don’t even touch our pen
surface of the screen and at the same time see
some things that happen this or
another day at the calendar from the glider there is
multiple presentation options
form of the year, these are leaving bookmarks
of the month
weeks of the day and look red
the bar indicates the current time as well
there is an option with a list of our affairs and
specific tasks for today
thanks to the in calendar tab you can
connect all your google and not
only google calendars
for example, press the give button
add account and you can add
facebook calendar account from
google from server use microsoft
excel or use usually account
samsung recording
what is good integration with player with
calendar and how good this method is
doing business is that besides the usual
keyboard to enter text can
use handwriting recognition
our text
that's how it works thanks for your attention
on this all stay with us and
Learn 10 lessons of samsung galaxy laptop 2